1.  Which of the following are true for traditional parallel databases 

    a. A Database (or a relation) is fragmented and these fragments are 
       distributed between the processing nodes' disk
       for parallel processing.  Thus, each node will process the same SQL-Select 
       query on the fragment stored on it's disk (assume the 
       query is a Select with no join).

    b. Usually small number of processing nodes ( not in the thousands) are used 
       for parallel databases.

    c. Homogeneous set of processing nodes (same processor type, disks, etc.)

    e. It is not highly scalable because it is difficult to add another node.


2.   Which of the following are true  for HadoopDB/Map-Reduce 
     parallel processing architecture

     a. Uses shared nothing architecture of the nodes (i.e., 
        each node has it's own memory and disk and other nodes cannot 
        access another node's memory and disk directly. These nodes can be
        heterogeneous (different hardware/software) communicating between
        them through message passing. However, message passing takes more
        time than communicating through hardwared interconnection connection.
 
     b. More nodes (i.e., more parallel processing) can be added easily 
       (e.g., with increasing amount of data)  because it is a shared 
       nothing architecture.

     c.  Nodes are not necessarily homogeneous.  Thus, one node can be 
         much slower than another, making the scheduling process 
         dependent on the type of the nodes.

     d. Fault tolerance is important because of thousands of nodes.

     e. HadoopDB is a hybrid system taking advantage of parallel processing 
         and distributed processing of Map-Reduce

     

3.    Indicate which of the following are true.

     a. Analytical queries (e.g., data warehousing) are effectively implemented 
        by HadoopDB because 
        these queries works on very large data sets and the queries are 
        read only.  Fault tolerance is easy to handle because a node with a 
        replication can be invoked when a node fails. 

        True

     b. Write-queries like SQL INSERTs/DELETEs are not handled by HadoopDB 
        because it is difficult to handle fault tolerance when a node fails.

        False

4.   In what way are HadoopDB and parallel databases related? 

     a. HadoopDB extends an existing parallel database implementation. 

     b. HadoopDB builds a parallel database using shared nothing architecture.


5.   How is HadoopDB related to MapReduce? 

     a. HadoopDB uses Hadoop's open source implementation of MapReduce to 
        build a database. 

     b. HadoopDB uses MapReduce to store the database data.
