i) Definitions
Data Cube: A set of related views summarizing aggregate information from the fact table yet using differeint sets of group by parameters to represent the data presented in different ways
POS Table - Point of sale table. In this paper, this is the fact table
Fact Table - The non-summarized, complete set of sales information that summarized views use to aggregate their information
Dimension table - Tables that store related information to the fact table. For example, information about the stores in which transactions represented by the fact table take place.
Summary Table - A materialized view that, for the sake of answering aggregate queries quickly, caches aggregate information about the fact table.
Summary Delta Table - A table that collects deffered changes in a summary table as a result of a change in the fact table. These are intended to save recomputation when applying the same set of changes to a set of summary tables all aggregating similar information from the fact table.
Summary Tables must be implemented as materialized views in data-warehousing applications becuase if they were implemented as standard views, the entirety of the fact table would need to be queried each time an aggregate function was queried. This would defeat the efficiency that these tables are intended to provide.

ii)
Tiggers can be used to maintain summary and summary delta tables by being defined on the fact table in such a way that when information relevant to a particular summary table is inserted into the fact table, it can also be factored into the aggregation of the summary table. This saves on expensive requerying from the fact table and provides real time updates to the information represented in a summary or summary delta table.
Summary delta tables are used when updating a summary table so that information being aggregated into summary tables from the fact table can be reused assuming that some portion of it is relevant to more than one summary table. The other large advantage to using summary delta tables is that the work of propegating new information from the fact table can be done in a summary delta table rather than in the summary table itself preventing the summary table from being locked while the computations are taking place. This leaves summary tables available for querying while updates are being calculated.

iii)
A data cube lattice structure is a structure established by creating a set of materialized views that represent a permutation of a subset of the total aggregate information stored in the base table. These views represent a vector of the information stored in the base table that they are derived from and are represented by the group by clauses that group the aggregate data. Creating this latice structure is useful because queries against specific sets of information can be answered by searching a minimal set of data while keeping all of the information available if need be. Using the example from the datawarehousing paper, assume that the base table holds information about storeIDs, itemIDs and dates. If we wanted to answer and aggregate question about only the dates and items being sold, omitting store information, a materialized table would be available with no more and no less information than we were looking for.

